MoSCow.md, before:

## Summary of the Game

- Each building has its own minigame:
  - Trivia
  - Hangman
  - Crosswords
  - Wordsearch
  - Tic Tac Toe
- You only see the buildings challenge if your location is verified at said building (via GPS)
- You get points for the question which add to your 'xp' and total points is shown on the leaderboard

## MoSCoW

### Must have:

    - Challenges: Quiz questions about sustainability
    - Promote Sustainability using gamification.
    - A way of verifying what buildings people are in using GPS.
    - Global Leaderboard to see top 10 players
    - Gamekeepers that monitor the state of the game.
    - Log in system.
    - Personified buildings
    - A list of multiple choice quiz questions.

### Should have:

    - Challenges
    - Stat tracking
    - Points decrease a factor of time since seeing the question
    - Gamekeepers monitor reports and set daily challenges.

### Could have:

    - Challenges: Articles
    - Private Leaderboards For Friends.
    - Different views on the leaderboard (last week, last month, total)
    - At home challenges that add to 'player points'
    - Individual/Friendship Stats, private character levelling.
    - Extra 'streak' points
    - Item shops (at certain a certain building?)
    - Double points at certain times of day

### Won't have:

Commit message:

updated MoSCoW for new game summary

MoSCow.md, after:

## Summary of the Game

- Used to explore campus
- Each building has its own minigame and unique personality:
  - Trivia
  - Hangman
  - Crosswords
  - Wordsearch
  - Tic Tac Toe
- You only see the buildings challenge if your location is verified at said building (via GPS)
- You get points for the question which add to your 'xp' and total points is shown on the leaderboard

## MoSCoW

### Must have:

    - Minigames: Quiz questions about sustainability
    - Promote Sustainability using gamification.
    - A way of verifying what buildings people are in using GPS.
    - Global Leaderboard to see top 10 players
    - Gamekeepers that monitor the state of the game.
    - Log in system.
    - Personified buildings
    - A list of multiple choice quiz questions.

### Should have:

    - Challenges
    - Stat tracking
    - Points decrease a factor of time since seeing the question
    - Gamekeepers monitor reports and set daily challenges.

### Could have:

    - Challenges: Articles
    - Private Leaderboards For Friends.
    - Different views on the leaderboard (last week, last month, total)
    - At home challenges that add to 'player points'
    - Individual/Friendship Stats, private character levelling.
    - Extra 'streak' points
    - Item shops (at certain a certain building?)
    - Double points at certain times of day

### Won't have:

    - Customisable character that moves live on the game
    - A daily building that changes for double points
