README.md, before:

# campus-sustainability-game

A web app that uses gamification to promote engagement with sustainability on campus at the University of Exeter.
Streatham GO

## Build Instructions

**NOTE** for windows use `python` not `python3`

### 1. Create a virtual env

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

### 2. Activate venv

For Mac:

```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

For Window:

```
.venv\Scripts\activate
```

### 3. Install Requirements

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Create .env file

```
touch streatham_go/streatham_go/.env
```

open new file and add the following settings

- `DEBUG=[True|False]`
- `SECRET_KEY=[check discord]`
- `EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com`
- `EMAIL_HOST_USER=streathamgo@gmail.com`
- `EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD=[check discord]`

### 5. Run Tests (optional)

```
cd streatham_go
pytest
```

### 6. Migrate Database (only need to run if you have made changes to db or first run)

```
cd streatham_go
python3 manage.py migrate
```

### 7. Start Dev Server

```
cd streatham_go
python3 manage.py runserver
```

## Adding new deps

If you have installed a new package via `pip3` (`pip` for windows), you MUST add this to the `requirements.txt` file

To do so (in base directory):

```
pip3 freeze > requirements.txt
```

## Summary of the Game

- Each day a building is selected to give out a given challenge (you find out at a certain time the day before):
  - Quiz questions
  - sustainable action
  - read an article and (locally)
- You only see the buildings challenge if your location is verified at said building (via GPS)
- You get points for the question which add to your 'xp' and total points is shown on the leaderboard

## MoSCoW

### Must have:

    - Challenges: Quiz questions
    - Promote Sustainability using gamification.
    - Location GPS.
    - Gamekeepers that monitor the state of the game.
    - Log in system.
    - A view where you can see which buildings are currently taken.
    - Leaderboards Team Scores per week.
    - Leaderboard of Team wins.
    - A list of multiple choice quiz questions.

### Should have:

    - Challenges
    - Stat tracking
    - Points decrease a factor of time since seeing the question
    - Gamekeepers monitor reports and set daily challenges.
    - A way of verifying what buildings people are in using GPS.

### Could have:

    - Challenges: Articles
    - Personified buildings
    - Different views on the leaderboard (last week, last month, total)
    - At home challenges that add to 'player points'
    - Individual/Friendship Stats, private character levelling.
    - Extra 'streak' points
    - Item shops (at certain a certain building?)
    - Double points at certain times of day

### Won't have:

Commit message:

updated readme for windows users

README.md, after:

# campus-sustainability-game

A web app that uses gamification to promote engagement with sustainability on campus at the University of Exeter.
Streatham GO

## Build Instructions

**NOTE** for windows use `python` not `python3`

### 1. Create a virtual env

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

### 2. Activate venv

For Mac:

```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

For Windows:

By default windows prevents you from being able to run scripts.
In order to by pass this you must first enter this command,
making sure that you are running the terminal as admin.

```
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
```
Then you may run this line.

```
.venv\Scripts\activate
```
After running the scripts, you may return to the original setting
by entering the following command:

```
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
```

### 3. Install Requirements

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Create .env file

```
touch streatham_go/streatham_go/.env
```

open new file and add the following settings

- `DEBUG=[True|False]`
- `SECRET_KEY=[check discord]`
- `EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com`
- `EMAIL_HOST_USER=streathamgo@gmail.com`
- `EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD=[check discord]`

### 5. Run Tests (optional)

```
cd streatham_go
pytest
```

### 6. Migrate Database (only need to run if you have made changes to db or first run)

```
cd streatham_go
python3 manage.py migrate
```

### 7. Start Dev Server

```
cd streatham_go
python3 manage.py runserver
```

## Adding new deps

If you have installed a new package via `pip3` (`pip` for windows), you MUST add this to the `requirements.txt` file

To do so (in base directory):

```
pip3 freeze > requirements.txt
```

## Summary of the Game

- Each day a building is selected to give out a given challenge (you find out at a certain time the day before):
  - Quiz questions
  - sustainable action
  - read an article and (locally)
- You only see the buildings challenge if your location is verified at said building (via GPS)
- You get points for the question which add to your 'xp' and total points is shown on the leaderboard

## MoSCoW

### Must have:

    - Challenges: Quiz questions
    - Promote Sustainability using gamification.
    - Location GPS.
    - Gamekeepers that monitor the state of the game.
    - Log in system.
    - A view where you can see which buildings are currently taken.
    - Leaderboards Team Scores per week.
    - Leaderboard of Team wins.
    - A list of multiple choice quiz questions.

### Should have:

    - Challenges
    - Stat tracking
    - Points decrease a factor of time since seeing the question
    - Gamekeepers monitor reports and set daily challenges.
    - A way of verifying what buildings people are in using GPS.

### Could have:

    - Challenges: Articles
    - Personified buildings
    - Different views on the leaderboard (last week, last month, total)
    - At home challenges that add to 'player points'
    - Individual/Friendship Stats, private character levelling.
    - Extra 'streak' points
    - Item shops (at certain a certain building?)
    - Double points at certain times of day

### Won't have:
